# corner-stone
WELCOME TO CORNER STONE CHRIST'S INTERNATIONAL HEALING AND MIRACLR CHURCH is an intergenerational worship family located in south west Ethiopia Jemu town We exist to develop fully devoted followers of Christ who will live for the chief glorification of God Almighty, in their lives earth  Corner stone Christ International Church of Healing and Miracles  The Mission of the Gospel  1. Spiritual Practices Creating a Generation That Builds Strength and Promotes Spiritual Growth  2. The apostle Paul told young Timothy, "... but I submit myself to God" (1 Timothy 4: 7). . Produce God-fearing ministers.  3 As a community of followers of Christ, we strive to be Christ like.  4. We encourage parishioners to grow in faith.  5. We assist in prayer by providing financial assistance to vulnerable parents and families in need.  6.The best way for our community to glorify the temple 7 .We strive to be a church that encourages the reception area where they can serve  The purpose of the church  The main purpose of the church  is to glorify God in every way (Ephesians 1:12, 12:14). Its functions include:  1. To spread the gospel to the world and to teach and baptize believers and to make disciples - Matt. 28 ፡1919-20  2. Building and edifying believers - Ephesians 4: 1111-16  3. Being a field of service to believers - I Cor .12  4. Discipline and punishment when believers commit a crime - Matt. 18 ፡ 17; I Corinthians 5: 11-12 Thessalonians 3: 14-14  5. Creating a Fellowship for Believers - Acts 2 ፥42- 42  6. Helping those who are her own - 2 Corinthians 8: 9; James 1: 27 27  7. Doing all that is good - Gal.6 ፡ 10 By being born againThis church, which is made up of believers living in the Holy Spirit, was born or founded on the day of Pentecost (Acts 2: 1-4, 37-42). “And I told them of the hand of my God which was good upon me, as also of the king's words that he had spoken unto me. And they said, Let us rise up and work. They strengthened their hands for good. ” Nehemiah 2:18 The command to go into all the world in Matthew chapter 28, verses 18-20, is given to believers and to the Church. Today, the world is full of 7.7 billion people. However, 3.23 billion people from this nation will not have the opportunity to hear the name of Christ even once, to receive the imminent judgment of God's judgment. He waits for the day. Of course, the unaccounted for sections of the population are not inaccessible, not because we are not fulfilling our responsibilities. Therefore, the above-mentioned human life should not be judged by the reader. To be a co-worker with God in a mission is not to be a missionary. Dear Church Audience, Supporters and Members as well as International Charities The churchIf you have any support or suggestions, please contact us at the address below    t.me/cscihmc     t.me/ccihn     t.me/cscihm     https://m.facebook.com /cscihmc.org.et/         https://donorbox.org/none-profi-organization-1
